Ref Guide - Help (#95)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/reference/pages/help/documentation-version.adoc

= Documentation

> The menu:Help[Documentation {productnumber}] section opens the the current version of the {productname} documentation suite in a new browser tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The menu:Help[Documentation {productnumber}] section opens the current version of the {productname} documentation in a new browser tab.
This is the documentation installed locally on your {productname} Server.
```
